Community practices documentation first version (#3)
physiopy/physiopy-community-guidelines: docs/source/phys_set_up.md

Reviewer: +1 for the citation of the community practice meeting [SETUP_170322] being confusing.

Reviewer 2: Thank you for spotting that @rgbayrak, I added those and more references that were missing (here 5083560). The Community Practices Meetings list was also added to the references. Maybe we can cite them like "(CPM1, March 2022)", @rgbayrak and @m-miedema?

Reviewer 2: The other comments have been addressed here 6383ff6 (except for the references to the Community Practices meetings, which will be fixed when we have a consensus on the nomenclature).

Reviewer 2: Regarding the Community Practices meetings references (e.g. [SETUP_170322]), we decided to remove them (kept them as a comment only, so they can still be tracked internally).

# 3. Where to start in setting up a physiological monitoring system?  

This section will help you navigate the following questions: how should I organize my data collection? Which physio signals do I want? What systems are there? 

When establishing a physiological monitoring setup, it is essential to follow a systematic approach. Once you have identified the signals you intend to capture, and prior to initiating data collection from a subject, it is imperative to ensure that all necessary checks from the essentials’ list have been completed.

> You will require **peripheral devices**, typically attached to the subject, and **recording devices** (often connected to a computer/laptop) for data acquisition and storage. Post-recording, it is crucial to accurately track events corresponding to both physiological and neuroimaging recordings at equivalent time points. To achieve this, beforehand, additional **synchronization** is necessary, unless it is already integrated into the software you are utilizing. 

Reviewer 2: Thanks Marie-Eve! I tried to reorder the sentence according to your suggestion (here 19f0024)

In the context of a **neuroimaging experiment conducted within an MRI environment,** it is vital to keep all non-MRI-compatible devices outside the scanner room (ex. long cables may be employed for this purpose). Additionally, even if the peripheral and recording devices are MRI-compatible, it is advisable to inspect physiological and neuroimaging recordings for interference artifacts during pilot sessions aimed at optimizing the overall setup. 

For detailed information about a particular brand, be sure to consult the manuals thoroughly.

## a. Peripheral devices
* Cardiac
    * finger photoplethysmography (pulse-oximeter)
    * ECG electrodes (for EEG-fMRI recordings, these may be included in the EEG cap) 
    * pressure pad

* Respiration: Ventilation
    * digital respiratory belt (based on a potentiometer)
    * analog respiratory belt (based on pressure change in a tube)
    * pressure pad
    * disposable nasal cannula

* Respiration: Gas Concentration
    * disposable nasal cannula
    * disposable mask
    * disposable mouthpiece
    * long sample line to connect from the scan room to the control room
    * desiccant cartridge or desiccant tube

> Some peripheral devices can be passed through a waveguide in the penetration panel from the control room to the scan room (e.g., gas sampling line); others must be plugged into the penetration panel for noise filtering (e.g., some pulse sensors). Devices native to the MRI scanner may communicate wirelessly with the scanner. When adding non-native peripheral devices to the scanner environment, we recommend that you check that you are not bringing any outside noise into the scan room or bringing too much scanner noise into the physiological recordings. It may be necessary to develop additional devices or mechanisms to shield these connections. Furthermore, looping of cords can create eddy currents that increase noise, so they should be taped down or placed on hooks to keep them in place. <!-- (SETUP_170322) -->

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Some peripheral devices can be passed through a waveguide in the penetration panel from the control room to the scan room (e.g., gas sampling line); others must be plugged into the penetration panel for noise filtering (e.g., some pulse sensors). Devices native to the MRI scanner may communicate wirelessly with the scanner. When adding non-native peripheral devices to the scanner environment, we recommend that you check that you do not bring any outside noise into the scan room or bring too much scanner noise into the physiological recordings. It may be necessary to develop additional devices or mechanisms to shield these connections. Furthermore, looping of cords can create eddy currents that increase noise, so they should be taped down or placed on hooks to keep them in place. <!-- (SETUP_170322) -->
```
